In a tavern packed. There's a stage up at the top. A man walks up. 
Cheersmith:"alright settle down settle down. You all will want give me ears for this! Welcome all to the- aye! Randel! I said put your mouth shut! Welcome all to the 10 annual battle of the Tall Tales held here as always at the lovely Blarny Inn! You all know the rules, tell us a tale that's rough rude raunchy and utterly ridiculous and you might win a keg of Bill Waterson's famous Beer! 

Randell: where is bill now?!

Cheersmith: I said shut your gab Randell! Bill's on his way now with his lad and all the booze we can handle, should be here any minute! Now which brave soul wants first crack at telling us a tall tale? Eh? Any takers?

Avia sitting in the back (with friends?)
Aiva: I've got one you all will enjoy. 

Cheersmith: whosit- ah! Oh! Ms. Fray! (Note: Don't know her last name) not here to ah to shut us down I hope! Ha! Just a little joke! What an honour! What a treat! Ms. Fray everyone! 

Player can move for the first time. Walks to the stage. 

Cheersmith: the generals daughter herself! What a joy! What a pleasure! Please ms. Fray, the floor is yours! 

Character can craft a story about herself from dialog tree. Outlandish, could be true could not be as well 

Crowd roars with applause 

Cheersmith: Wonderful! Wonderful! So lovely! What a story to top! Worthy of Bill's famous beer certainly! Couldn't be- Randell! aye! Im talking! Shut up! But can this tale be beat? which courageous soul wants to follow that performance up? 

Door busts open boy comes in 

Boy: ma fathers dead ma fathers dead!

Silence. 

Cheersmith:  ah ok well that's very sad my boy but- 

Boy: they've taken all the beer!

Randell: what's this now?

Boy: my fathers bill watersmith you assholes! He was killed by the pissin city guards!

*Gasps of shock!

Cheersmith: now listen people nothing to panic about; perhaps you saw wrong boy? 

Avia goes to the boy

Avia: take me to we're you're father died. 

They both leave.(edited)
Quest starts